.TH krusgen "23 April 2017" "v1.1"
.SH NAME
.PP
\fBkrusgen\fP \- command line maze generator.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkrusgen\fP [\fB\fCOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generate a maze of given size, using Kruskal's algorithm.
\fBKrusgen\fP can also export the maze into text (\fB\-t\fP)  or bmp (\fB\-b\fP) file, if none of the options is used, maze is exported to \fBstdout\fP as text.
.PP
Supported options:
.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP \- show help message
.PP
\fB\-x\fP <\fB\fCpositive, odd number\fR> \- define map width, if not used, width is set automatically to 31
.PP
\fB\-y\fP <\fB\fCpositive, odd number\fR> \- define map height, if not used, height is set automatically to 31
.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-txt\fP <\fB\fCfilename\fR> \- export maze as text to given filename
.PP
\fB\-b\fP, \fB\-\-bmp\fP <\fB\fCfilename\fR> \- export maze as bitmap (BMP2 format) to given filename
.PP
\fB\-w\fP, \fB\-\-wall\fP <\fB\fChex color\fR> \- define wall color in bitmap
.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-air\fP <\fB\fChex color\fR> \- define air color in bitmap
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
\fBkrusgen \-x 51 \-y 17\fP \- export maze of 51 characters width and 17 characters height to \fBstdout\fP as text.
.PP
\fBkrusgen \-b test.bmp\fP \- export maze of default dimensions as image to \fBtest.bmp\fP file.
.PP
\fBkrusgen \-t test.txt\fP \- export maze of default dimensions as text to \fBtest.txt\fP file.
.PP
\fBkrusgen \-y 25 \-x 37 \-b colors.bmp \-a FF0000 \-w FFFF00\fP \- export maze of 37 characters width and 25 characters height as image with red air and yellow walls to \fBcolors.bmp\fP file.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written by Miłosz Ryguła \[la]miloszrygula@interia.pl\[ra]\&.
\fBKrusgen\fP uses \fBlibobos\fP library created by Jacek Wieczorek \[la]mrjjot@gmail.com\[ra]\&.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
.PP
Bugs can be reported as issues on Krusgen's Github page: \[la]https://github.com/mazaczysko/krusgen/issues\[ra]
.SH Copyright
.PP
\fBKrusgen\fP and \fBlibobos\fP are both licensed under GNU GPLv3 license.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2017 Miłosz Ryguła \[la]miloszrygula@interia.pl\[ra] 
Free Software Foundation, Inc.  License GPLv3+: GNU
GPL version 3 or later \[la]http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html\[ra]\&.
This is free software: you are free  to  change  and  redistribute  it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
